[🔙 Back to List](../index.md)

## Reqiurement
Young people who commit crimes should be treated in the same way as adults by authorities. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

## Article
Nowadays, it's noticable that not only adults but also young people commit crimes. Some people think young criminals should be treated in the same way as adults. Others believe that these young people should be treated differently. In my opinion, authorities should treat young people who commit crimes in a different way.

Firstly, as a teenager, a person probably doesn't have a mature world outlook and cannot tell whether his behavior is right or not. It may make a young person more likely to commit a crime than adults. While, in genral, an adult must know what he is doing and what he has done. So the teenagers should be treated in a different way.

Secondly, compares to the adults, young people's mind set is relatively not fixed and can be modified. As we all know, when a person is in his adolescence, his views of life and world is dramatically changing. If he can be appropriately led, positive changes on him are expected, in which case, he can become a good person who benifits the whole society and realize his life value in the future.

However, we can not transform every problem teenagers which is unrealistic and costly depending on the statistical data up to now. Alought the chance is not quite satisfying, as time goes, better methods will be developed to help these young people to go back to the right path of life.

In a conclusion, I believe treating young criminals in a different way is essential and it will difinitely benifit the whole society.