[🔙 Back to List](../index.md)

## Reqiurement
The graph below shows concerns three production in forest industry in a Ruropean country. The production is timber, pulp and papaer during the years between 1980 to 2000.

## Article
The line chart compares the production in timber, pulp and paper in a European country during the period of 1980 to 2000.

In 1980, the european country produced approximately 4 million tons of timber, and the production of paper was almost the same. While the yield of pulp is slightly higher which about 5 million tons.

All production underwent a noticeable increase in 1985 and reach the same point which is about 6 million tons.

When it comes to 1990, The yeild of timber <font color=#FF4081>experienced a significant growth</font> by 4 million tons and reached the peak at 10 millions tons. Meanwhile, the other 2 products kept stably increasing to less than 7 million tons.

After 1990, the yield of timber <font color=#FF4081>went through</font> a ten-year decrease and finally got to about 6 million tons. While the prodcution of pulp had a different trend and reached about 9 million tons after a decade. The production of paper remained the same in 1995 and slightly grew by 1 million tons to 8 million tons in 2000.

In a conclusion, both of the production of pulp and paper underwent <font color=#FF4081>a sustained growth (持续增长)</font> in the period of 1980 to 2000. While the yield of timber increased faster than the other two in the first decade but experienced a decrease in the followed decade.